Did you guess? What did you guess?
I'll save you, save me
What does this require?
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
It’s just that you don’t want to be so biased anymore
He is not yellow at all
you mask you mask
Your mask is yellowed
You don't call either
I don’t have a lot of anything, how about that?
you tore me apart
you tore you apart
I dismantled myself
Don't you dare look down on it
You really love umbrellas
I see these calligraphy and paintings of yours, I greet you, greet you, greet you.
If you can’t tear it apart, you’ll be unhappy
He must give you what you want
I greet and speak
Make you want to die and eat goodbye
Let's hurry up
Will you also